[MUSIC]
>> Mike North: Now you'll notice
that I'm clicking on this thing and
it's not actually toggling back.
Who has an idea about
why this is not working?
>> Speaker 2: Haven't
done any remove from ray.
>> Mike North: Right, so we took the click
action on the word favorite to mean add.
It was explicitly add.
So I'm gonna actually go a little step
further here just to round this out and
I'm gonna change the logic a little bit so
that we're toggling.
We're not really just adding
when a click happens.
And so
I'm just gonna trace my way through.
So we've got favorite was clicked.
I think that's still an appropriate
name for this action.
I'm passing along the org,
so I think the components actually
are already flexible enough.
>> Mike North: So here, if the favorite
was clicked, we've got favorite item here.
So, I'm just going to add the logic
right here, so if this get favorites,
items index of org is less than zero.
So if it's absent in the list, add it.
>> Mike North: I'm going to save and make
sure that my existing stuff still works.
Sweet, it does.
Else.
>> Mike North: We're gonna go,
unfavorite item.
And then that's not a method available
on my service so I going to add it
>> Mike North: Just for
fun
>> Mike North: Do this.
>> Mike North: And I've forgotten a comma,
and I forgot to rename this.
>> Mike North: All right
>> Mike North: Now we're toggling back and
forth, so, this rounds it out.
Now we have this state that's shareable.
The route knows about it.
The component knows about it.
And you can see how we are using actions
to kinda bubble up and alter state and
how we can have both data and
functionality on the service.
And we are using a computered property
to make a value that we can bind to,
based on the state of
the component itself and
the service we've injected
onto the component.
Any questions about how this was done,
or why I did things the way I did?
>> Speaker 3: There's
a question from online.
It came a little while back, but
they don't understand why you're using
the list key dot square brackets.
Why couldn't that have
been listed instead of
using the string interpolation approach?
>> Mike North: So,
list key, square brackets,
why couldn't that have been listed?
So, list key, this is gonna be something
like
>> Mike North: Like this and
as we discussed going through
the lead in talk to this,
to this exercise to observe an array,
you have to either observe
the length of the array via square
brackets or you observe using at each.
If I were to just directly
observe listKey, what that means,
if I were to just do something like this,
effectively what I'm saying is if you
set this property to a brand new array,
a completely new array,
if I set favorites dot items to
array literal square brackets, then that
would cause the cache here to invalidate.
But that is not the typical way
that you deal with these things.
And furthermore,
that operation would cause some problems
with anything that's observing through
square brackets or through at each because
potentially or almost definitely,
you're returning a brand new object.
Discarding the object that
everything else was listening to.
>> Speaker 3: So just quick,
he's following up on a question, sorry.
But he's actually asking not
about the brackets so much,
as about the back tick
to the list argument.
>> Mike North: The back
tick to the list argument.
>> Speaker 4: That's the ES
>> Mike North: This here so this is.
>> Speaker 4: String interpolation.
>> Mike North: Yes string interpolation
if we look at how it's transpiled.
Perfect, this is what it looks like
after it's gone through babel.
So ultimately this is what you're getting.
I have a habit of doing this, because as
you build complex strings having plus,
plus, plus, plus, plus,
plus starts to become annoying.
And expensive,
cuz you create a brand new string at
literal every single time you do that.
>> Speaker 2: Aren't
you doing that anyway?
>> Mike North: Here you're doing
that anyway, you're right.
>> Speaker 2: [INAUDIBLE] browser.
>> Speaker 4: Yeah one's
browser support [INAUDIBLE].
>> Mike North: Yeah.
>> Speaker 4: Six string
literals then it won't
transpile into that.
>> Mike North: Actually
>> Mike North: So
Chrome is one of those
browsers that does it.
Chrome will actually read
an ES6 string literal directly.
But again we're building ES5
because we don't know that we're
using Chrome for a fact.
>> Speaker 5: Can you
explain now line three.
>> Mike North: Line three.
>> Speaker 5: It's not doing.
>> Mike North: You guys gotta watch
the ES6 Frontend Masters talk.
This is called a destructured assignment.
And the equivalent is,
I want to get rid of the default, so
I will write it out normally.
const computed equals Ember.computed.
So I'm just kind of grabbing some
object off of another object, so
that I can basically use it here without
having to say ember, ember, ember,
ember, ember throughout all of my quote.
>> Mike North: Any other questions?
>> Speaker 2: I notice you didn't reach
for the ember [INAUDIBLE] array contains.
>> Mike North: [CROSSTALK] Yes, I've seen
enough feedback in pull requests and
things people asking for, is this real,
is this available on all browsers?
So there is array contains and
hopefully that is coming to JavaScript
natively soon, but this is,
people know what this means.